Feature/mttl 2187 (#37)
LBHackney-IT/Hackney.Core: Hackney.Core/Hackney.Core.Testing/Hackney.Core.Testing.PactBroker/README.md

﻿# Hackney.Core.Testing.PactBroker NuGet Package

This package is designed to assist with implementing a test to verify an AspNetCore v.3.1 API has not broken a pact 

> configured witin [Pact Broker](https://github.com/pact-foundation/pact_broker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured within [Pact Broker](https://github.com/pact-foundation/pact_broker).
```

##### Note
**This package targets `.NETCoreApp v.3.1` and not `.NETStandard`. 
This means it can only be used with AspNetCore v.3.1 (or later) API applications.**

> The package contains a number of different classes to help setup the target Api application for a Pact Broker verification test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package contains a number of different classes to help set up the target API application for a Pact Broker verification test.
```

        }

        public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
        {
            // REQUIRED
            // Register our IPactBrokerHandler implementation
            services.AddScoped<IPactBrokerHandler, SomeEntityPactBrokerHandler>();

            // Run the normal ConfigureServices method.
            _inner.ConfigureServices(services);
        }

        public static void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env, ILogger<Startup> logger)
        {
            // REQUIRED
            // Use the extension method to add the required custom middleware
            // The string parameter is the Audience value set on the token generated by the middleware
            // and added to Http calls made by to the API by the pact broker
            app.UsePactBroker("some-entity-api");

            // Run the normal Configure method
            Startup.Configure(app, env, logger);
        }
    }
}
```

### 4. Create a pact broker fixture
The fixture class must inherit from the `PactBrokerFixture` abstract base class and supply the custom test Startup class [implemented above](#Create-a-custom-Startup-class).

> `PactBrokerFixture` conatins a number of virtual methods that should be overiden as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PactBrokerFixture` contains a number of virtual methods that should be overridden as required.
```
